---
page_title: "cloudfoundry_domains Data Source - terraform-provider-cloudfoundry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information of private Cloud Foundry domains within the organization.
---

# cloudfoundry_domains (Data Source)

Gets information of private Cloud Foundry domains within the organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudfoundry_domains" "all" {
  org = "784b4cd0-4771-4e4d-9052-a07e178bae56"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `org` (String) The ID of the Org within which to find the domains

### Read-Only

- `domains` (Attributes List) The domains the organization is scoped to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domains))

<a id="nestedatt--domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domains`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations associated with Cloud Foundry resources.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the resource was created in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `id` (String) The GUID of the object.
- `internal` (Boolean) Whether the domain is used for internal (container-to-container) traffic, or external (user-to-container) traffic
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels associated with Cloud Foundry resources.
- `name` (String) This value will be computed based on the sub_domain or domain attributes.
- `org` (String) The organization the domain is scoped to
- `router_group` (String) The guid of the desired router group to route tcp traffic through.
- `shared_orgs` (Set of String) Organizations the domain is shared with
- `supported_protocols` (Set of String) Available protocols for routes using the domain, currently http and tcp
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the resource was updated in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.