---
page_title: "cloudfoundry_service_credential_binding_details Data Source - terraform-provider-cloudfoundry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets information on Service Credential Binding Details of a particular type (app or key) for a given service instance.
  Prefer this datasource over cloudfoundry_service_credential_binding, which will be deprecated going forward.
  If you want to fetch all credential bindings (both app and key types), use datasource cloudfoundry_service_credential_bindings instead.
---

# cloudfoundry_service_credential_binding_details (Data Source)

Gets information on Service Credential Binding Details of a particular type (`app` or `key`) for a given service instance.

Prefer this datasource over `cloudfoundry_service_credential_binding`, which will be deprecated going forward.

If you want to fetch all credential bindings (both `app` and `key` types), use datasource `cloudfoundry_service_credential_bindings` instead.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `service_instance` (String) The GUID of the service instance
- `type` (String) Type of the service credential binding

### Optional

- `app` (String) The GUID of the app which is bound
- `name` (String) Name of the service credential binding

### Read-Only

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations associated with Cloud Foundry resources.
- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the resource was created in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `credential_binding` (String, Sensitive) The service credential binding details as JSON.
- `id` (String) The GUID of the object.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels associated with Cloud Foundry resources.
- `last_operation` (Attributes) The details of the last operation performed on the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--last_operation))
- `parameters` (String, Sensitive) A JSON object that is passed to the service broker.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the resource was updated in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.

<a id="nestedatt--last_operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_operation`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The time at which the last operation was created
- `description` (String) A description of the last operation
- `state` (String) The state of the last operation
- `type` (String) The type of the last operation
- `updated_at` (String) The time at which the last operation was updated