---
page_title: "Cloud Foundry Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Cloud Foundry Terraform plugin is an integration that allows users to leverage Terraform, an infrastructure as code tool, to define and provision infrastructure resources within the Cloud Foundry platform.
---
# Terraform Provider for Cloud Foundry

The Cloud Foundry Terraform plugin is an integration that allows users to leverage Terraform, an infrastructure as code tool, to define and provision infrastructure resources within the Cloud Foundry platform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    cloudfoundry = {
      source  = "cloudfoundry/cloudfoundry"
      version = "1.12.0"
    }
  }
}
provider "cloudfoundry" {
  api_url  = "https://api.cf.example.com"
  user     = "admin"
  password = "admin"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String, Sensitive) OAuth token to authenticate with Cloud Foundry
- `api_url` (String) Specific URL representing the entry point for communication between the client and a Cloud Foundry instance.
- `assertion_token` (String, Sensitive) OAuth JWT assertion token. Used for OAuth 2.0 JWT Bearer Assertion Grant flow to authenticate with Cloud Foundry. Typically used with a custom origin.
- `cf_client_id` (String) Unique identifier for a client application used in authentication and authorization processes
- `cf_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) A confidential string used by a client application for secure authentication and authorization, requires cf_client_id to authenticate
- `origin` (String) Indicates the identity provider to be used for login
- `password` (String, Sensitive) A confidential alphanumeric code associated with a user account on the Cloud Foundry platform, requires user to authenticate.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) Token to refresh the access token, requires access_token
- `skip_ssl_validation` (Boolean) Allows the client to disregard SSL certificate validation when connecting to the Cloud Foundry API
- `user` (String) A unique identifier associated with an individual or entity for authentication & authorization purposes.

**Note**

All parameter values for the provider can be injected by setting environment variables `CF_API_URL`, `CF_USER`, `CF_PASSWORD`, `CF_ORIGIN`, `CF_CLIENT_ID`, `CF_CLIENT_SECRET`, `CF_ACCESS_TOKEN`, `CF_REFRESH_TOKEN`.
Alternatively, one can even log in to their CF landscape via CF-CLI and the provider will pick the credentials from the config.json present in CF Home in case no attributes are given in the provider block or if no environment variables are set.

## Custom User-Agent Information

By default, the underlying Cloud Foundry client used by the Terraform Cloud Foundry Provider creates requests with User-Agent headers that include information about Terraform and Cloud Foundry Terraform provider versions. To add more details to the User-Agent headers, the `CF_APPEND_USER_AGENT` environment variable can be set, and its value will be directly added to HTTP requests. E.g.,

```bash
% export CF_APPEND_USER_AGENT="Optional_Extra_Information"
```

## Enabling Application Log Tracing

To assist with debugging application failures, you can enable log tracing by setting the following environment variable:

```bash
% export ENABLE_CF_APP_LOG_TRACE="true"
```
When enabled, recent error logs from the application will be printed to the console if a deployment of application fails.

## Get Started

If you're not familiar with Terraform yet, see the [Fundamentals](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/cli) section with a lot of helpful tutorials.

## Migration Guide

The newer v3 APIs have brought several changes to  many of the resources created. Some are even deprecated and replaced by
different resources.

Please refer to the [migration guide](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/terraform-provider-cloudfoundry/tree/main/migration-guide) to help transitioning from the existing [community CF provider](https://github.com/cloudfoundry-community/terraform-provider-cloudfoundry) to the [current CF provider](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/terraform-provider-cloudfoundry). The migration guide
highlights the differences and maps to the equivalent resources/datasources as well.

## Best Practices

For the best experience using the Cloud Foundry provider, we recommend applying the common best practices for Terraform adoption as described in the Hashicorp documentation. For example, see [Phases of Terraform Adoption](https://developer.hashicorp.com/well-architected-framework/operational-excellence/operational-excellence-terraform-maturity).

## Drift Detection

You find further information on drift detection in the [Terraform provider repository](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/terraform-provider-cloudfoundry/blob/main/guides/DRIFTDETECTION.md).

## Import

The documentation of each resource shows if the resource can be imported, and which keys are needed. To provide a quick overview we listed the resources in the [Terraform provider repository](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/terraform-provider-cloudfoundry/blob/main/guides/IMPORT.md). To import a resource whose ID contains commas or other special characters, you should consider to use the import block with a resource identity if the resource supports identity-based import.
