---
page_title: "cloudfoundry_service_instance Resource - terraform-provider-cloudfoundry"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a service instance in a cloudfoundry space.
  Further documentation:
  https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/services
---

# cloudfoundry_service_instance (Resource)

Creates a service instance in a cloudfoundry space.

__Further documentation:__
https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/devguide/services

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "cloudfoundry_org" "team_org" {
  name = "PerformanceTeamBLR"
}

data "cloudfoundry_space" "team_space" {
  name = "tf-space-1"
  org  = data.cloudfoundry_org.team_org.id
}

data "cloudfoundry_service_plan" "xsuaa_svc" {
  name                  = "application"
  service_offering_name = "xsuaa"
}
data "cloudfoundry_service_plan" "autoscaler_svc" {
  name                  = "standard"
  service_offering_name = "autoscaler"
}
resource "cloudfoundry_service_instance" "xsuaa_svc" {
  name         = "xsuaa_sv1"
  type         = "managed"
  tags         = ["terraform-test", "test1"]
  space        = data.cloudfoundry_space.team_space.id
  service_plan = data.cloudfoundry_service_plan.xsuaa_svc.service_plans.id
  parameters   = <<EOT
  {
  "xsappname": "tf-test2",
  "tenant-mode": "dedicated",
  "description": "tf test123",
  "foreign-scope-references": ["user_attributes"],
  "scopes": [
    {
      "name": "uaa.user",
      "description": "UAA"
    }
  ],
  "role-templates": [
    {
      "name": "Token_Exchange",
      "description": "UAA",
      "scope-references": ["uaa.user"]
    }
  ]
}
EOT
}

# Managed service instance without parameters
resource "cloudfoundry_service_instance" "dev-autoscaler" {
  name         = "tf-autoscaler-test"
  type         = "managed"
  tags         = ["terraform-test", "autoscaler"]
  space        = data.cloudfoundry_space.team_space.id
  service_plan = data.cloudfoundry_service_plan.autoscaler_svc.service_plans.id
  timeouts = {
    create = "10m"
  }
}
# User provided service instance
resource "cloudfoundry_service_instance" "dev-usp" {
  name        = "tf-usp-test1"
  type        = "user-provided"
  tags        = ["terraform-test", "usp"]
  space       = data.cloudfoundry_space.team_space.id
  credentials = <<EOT
  {
    "user": "user1",
    "password": "demo122"
  }
  EOT
}

# Create a service plan instance by plan and offering name - no data source lookup of ID needed
resource "cloudfoundry_service_instance" "dev-autoscaler" {
  name                  = "tf-autoscaler-test"
  space                 = data.cloudfoundry_space.team_space.id
  type                  = "managed"
  service_plan_name     = "standard"
  service_offering_name = "autoscaler"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the service instance
- `space` (String) The ID of the space in which to create the service instance
- `type` (String) Type of the service instance. Either managed or user-provided.

### Optional

- `annotations` (Map of String) The annotations associated with Cloud Foundry resources. Add as described [here](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/adminguide/metadata.html#-view-metadata-for-an-object).
- `credentials` (String, Sensitive) A JSON object that is made available to apps bound to this service instance of type user-provided.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels associated with Cloud Foundry resources. Add as described [here](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/adminguide/metadata.html#-view-metadata-for-an-object).
- `parameters` (String, Sensitive) A JSON object that is passed to the service broker for managed service instance.
- `route_service_url` (String) URL to which requests for bound routes will be forwarded; only shown when type is user-provided.
- `service_offering_name` (String) The name of the service offering. Must be set together with `service_plan_name`. Conflicts with `service_plan`.
- `service_plan` (String) The ID of the service plan from which to create the service instance. Conflicts with `service_plan_name` and `service_offering_name`.
- `service_plan_name` (String) The name of the service plan. Must be set together with `service_offering_name`. Conflicts with `service_plan`.
- `syslog_drain_url` (String) URL to which logs for bound applications will be streamed; only shown when type is user-provided.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags used by apps to identify service instances. They are shown in the app VCAP_SERVICES env.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time when the resource was created in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `dashboard_url` (String) The URL to the service instance dashboard (or null if there is none); only shown when type is managed.
- `id` (String) The GUID of the object.
- `last_operation` (Attributes) The details of the last operation performed on the resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--last_operation))
- `maintenance_info` (Attributes) Information about the version of this service instance; only shown when type is managed (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_info))
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time when the resource was updated in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `upgrade_available` (Boolean) Whether or not an upgrade of this service instance is available on the current Service Plan; details are available in the maintenance_info object; Only shown when type is managed

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) Timeout for creating the service instance. Default is 40 minutes
- `delete` (String) Timeout for deleting the service instance. Default is 40 minutes
- `update` (String) Timeout for updating the service instance. Default is 40 minutes


<a id="nestedatt--last_operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_operation`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The time at which the last operation was created
- `description` (String) A description of the last operation
- `state` (String) The state of the last operation
- `type` (String) The type of the last operation
- `updated_at` (String) The time at which the last operation was updated


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_info`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of the version of the service instance
- `version` (String) The version of the service instance

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```terraform
# terraform import cloudfoundry_service_instance.<resource_name> <service_instance_guid>

terraform import cloudfoundry_service_instance.xsuaa_svc 68fea1b6-11b9-4737-ad79-74e49832533f

#terraform import using id attribute in import block

import {
  to = cloudfoundry_service_instance.<resource_name>
  id = "<service_instance_guid>"
}

# this resource supports import using identity attribute from Terraform version 1.12 or higher

import {
to = cloudfoundry_service_instance.<resource_name>
identity = {
  service_instance_guid = "<service_instance_guid>"
  }
}
```


## Usage of `service_offering_name` and `service_plan_name` instead of `serviceplan`

As of release 1.17.0 it is possible to use `service_offering_name` and `serviceplan_name` instead of `serviceplan` id, when creating a service instance. This is more user friendly as the names are more descriptive than the id. This will allow you to get rid of data sources that are used to get the service plan id and can cause side effects during the planning phase i.e. make the plan hard to interpret.

In the following section you find additional information on the move to the new setup and what to consider during imports.

### Move to new setup

We walk through the changes that are necessary to move from using `serviceplan` to `service_offering_name` and `service_plan_name` with an example. The same changes need to be applied for all resources where you want to move to the new setup.

Assume that we have the following code snippet as a part of our configuration to create a subaccount service instance using `serviceplan`:

```terraform
data "cloudfoundry_service_plan" "alert_notification__free" {
  name          = "free"
  service_offering_name = "alert-notification"
}

resource "cloudfoundry_service_instance" "alert_notification_free" {
  serviceplan = data.cloudfoundry_service_plan.alert_notification__free.id
  name           = "my-alert-notification-instance-new"
  type = "managed"
  space = ""
}
```
To make the transition to the new setup we need to do the following changes:

1. Update the provider version to version 1.17.0 or later in the required_providers block
2. Execute a `terraform refresh` to update the state with the new attributes `service_offering_name` and `service_plan_name`
3. Change the code snippet to use `service_offering_name` and `service_plan_name` instead of `serviceplan` and remove the data source as it is not needed anymore. The updated code snippet should look like this:

   ```terraform
   resource "cloudfoundry_service_instance" "alert_notification_free" {
     service_offering_name = "alert-notification"
     service_plan_name      = "free"
     name                 = "my-alert-notification-instance-new"
     type = "managed"
     space = "tf-space-1"
   }
   ```
4. Execute a `terraform plan` to see that there are no changes planned as we are still referencing the same service instance just with different attributes. If there are changes planned, please check that the values for `service_offering_name` and `service_plan_name` are correct and match the existing service instance.

### Restriction

The import of service instances that can be configured via parameters only works if the corresponding service offering supports the retrieval of these parameters, which means that the `instances_retrievable` parameter of the service offering must be set to `true`.

You can check this setting via CF V3 API [Get a service offering](https://v3-apidocs.cloudfoundry.org/version/3.200.0/index.html#get-a-service-offering)

### Generation of resource configuration

As of release 1.17.0 you will run into an error when generating the resource configuration e.g., via `terraform plan -generate-config-out="generated_resources.tf"` stating that the generated resource configuration is invalid as `serviceplan` and `service_offering_name` and `service_plan_name` cannot be used at the same time.
This cannot be mitigated from the provider side. However, as the resource configuration gets generated you can remove either the `serviceplan` or the combination of `service_offering_name` and `service_plan_name` from the generated resource configuration to make it work. We recommend to remove the `serviceplan` and move to the new setup with `service_offering_name` and `service_plan_name`. You can then trigger the import without issues.

## Switch from `serviceplan` to `service_offering_name` and `service_plan_name` for existing service instance configurations

You can switch from using `serviceplan` id to `service_offering_name` and `service_plan_name` for existing service instance configurations. The procedure is described in the guide [Switch to Service Instance Configuration by Service offering and Service Plan Name](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/terraform-provider-cloudfoundry/blob/main/guides/SERVICEINSTANCEBYNAME.md).
